docs: Architecture (#4605)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: website/src/app/kb/architecture/core-concepts/readme.mdx

import SupportOptions from "@/components/SupportOptions";
import NextStep from "@/components/NextStep";
import Image from "next/image";

# Architecture: Core Concepts

> This section covers the core elements used throughout Firezone and how they work

Reviewer: Personal preference again

```suggestion
This section covers the core elements of Firezone and how they work
```
